Hey welcome back.
So from here on out in this section we're going to take a look at a bunch of built in functions.
Spend maybe a minute on each but there's quite a few of them to take a look at.
And in this video we're going to learn too.
They're called any and all.
So let me just show you.
This is all.
And what it does is it takes an interval as an argument and it returns true if all arguments or elements
in the iterable are truthy or if it's empty it also returns true.
So we'll see a special case there.
So for example if we pass in all.
And then a list containing 0 1 2 3 Remember that 3 2 and 1 are all Sruthi but zero is falsie.
So all is going to return false.
So this first example we have a list comprehension and it's going to take each character and he I go
if so it's actually just it would be easier if I just go to my terminal if I run this I get this list
right.
So if I run all on that what do we expect to get.
True.
All elements are truthy.
How about this.
This is another list comprehension numb for numb in four to ten six eight if numb mode to is zero.
So that gives us four to ten six and eight.
And if I run all pace then it's still true.
So these are all geared uses honestly you wouldn't really do this very often.
Let me now show you an example that you might do.
So here I have a list of defined called people and it has a bunch of names.
So if I wanted to know if all items in this list started with the letter c I could do this all and then
I can do a list comprehension and produce something like name zero equals equals uppercase C for name
and people me at a space here.
So hopefully this makes sense.
But this list comprehension is going to do.
And before I hit enter I want to think to yourself what is this going to look like.
This exact list comprehension not the all.
If I just pasted this right now.
Copy and pasted it this returns true or false.
So we're going to have a list of true or false values.
So let me just show you if I hit Enter we get true because all people start with the letter C in this
list.
But if I actually just ran this right now it gives me as true true true true true.
And of course I could do people that append and let's add in someone.
How about Hey Kristie.
OK.
Now if I rerun this I get church your true true false and if I rerun the all it now returns false because
not everything passed in was true.
Here's another example.
I have a list called numbers and I could do something like.
All numbers even.
And to do that I would check all.
And then a list comprehension.
Which actually in a moment I'll show you why these are optional and we would do something like numb
mod 2 equals equals zero.
For now Nahm in numbers and that's true.
And if I changed names and I added in 2001 the end now it's false.
Before I talk about why we actually don't have to do this list comprehension.
Let me introduce any which is very similar except it's the opposite.
Well it's not quite the opposite but the way it works takes an admirable and it will return true if
any element of iterable is truthy.
Instead of all of them being true the.
So in this case if we run any on the same value here we have 0 1 2 three.
Well zero is falsie but one is truthy so any returns true.
So I could do any numbers and see if any number is odd and that should be true.
There is one odd number.
So I just write no mad to equals equals 1 for numb numbs.
And that's true.
And I could also do the same thing as is any number even that should be true as well.
But if I tried to do something if not mad 2 is equal to 2 that's not going to be the case for any of
them so that's false.
That would be false for any number because what number could be divisible by 2 and have a remainder
of two.
It's not possible.
OK so any and all the most basic level.
They're nice for testing things that you don't have to use them.
You could just iterate over this yourself and check if it's true for each one right.
So I could do loop over people.
It would look like this for person and people right.
And then I'd write a conditional statement.
If would I say person 0 equals equals c..
Or we could actually do if it's not equal to c then we could break or return false.
Anyway I won't do the whole thing but the point is we could do this without all this is just a nice
built in helper.